README.md, before:

# 20-20-20-helper
small tool that helps to pay attention to the 20-20-20 rule for better eye health


##  to-dos
- Create a flow diagram of 20-20-20-helper
- Find a way to determine if screen is locked or not (dbus? https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34590045/dbus-screensaver-activechanged-signals-not-emitted-from-ubuntu https://www.linuxjournal.com/article/10455 https://forum.kde.org/viewtopic.php?f=66&t=136893 https://askubuntu.com/questions/854745/how-to-make-a-script-that-interacts-with-screen-lock-unlock https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/86221/how-can-i-lock-my-screen-in-gnome-3-without-gdm)
- Timer should only measure time and the Window creator should only create a pop up window 
- NotificationManager should manage the Timer and the Window pop ups
  in form of composition
- NotificationManager composites the Timer and the Window class
    - function twentyTwentyTwentyTimer should be in NotificationManager
- pop up window should automatically close if 20 seconds passed	
- beautify pop up window
- find a way to check if the screen is active
    - based on screen inactivity pause the Timer
    - if screen changed to active again, resume the Timer or restart it
	
- write a 20-20-20.service file to create a systemd service
- write tests
- add CI with Dockerfile

## dependencies
- install gtmm: sudo apt-get install libgtkmm-3.0-dev

Commit message:

structure of project changed and refactored

README.md, after:

# 20-20-20-helper
small tool that helps to pay attention to the 20-20-20 rule for better eye health


##  to-dos
- Find a way to determine if screen is locked or not (dbus? https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34590045/dbus-screensaver-activechanged-signals-not-emitted-from-ubuntu https://www.linuxjournal.com/article/10455 https://forum.kde.org/viewtopic.php?f=66&t=136893 https://askubuntu.com/questions/854745/how-to-make-a-script-that-interacts-with-screen-lock-unlock https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/86221/how-can-i-lock-my-screen-in-gnome-3-without-gdm)
- code ScreenLockChecker and Window
- Timer should only measure time and the Window creator should only create a pop up window 
- NotificationManager should manage the Timer, the Window and the ScreenLockChanger
- NotificationManager composites the Timer, Window and the ScreenLockChecker class
    - function twentyTwentyTwentyTimer should be in NotificationManager
- beautify pop up window

- write a 20-20-20.service file to create a systemd service
- write tests
- add CI with Dockerfile

## dependencies
- install gtmm: sudo apt-get install libgtkmm-3.0-dev
